goal of the recommender systems notebook:
  - train a bi-encoder model to be used in a retrieval model
    that returns personalized movie recommendations to users.
  - create a production quality MLOps pipeline for the bi-encoder
    model encompassing the main stages data loading, 
    data pre-processing, data evaluation including checks for data
    shift, data transformation, model hyper-parameter tuning, 
    model training using best
    hyper-parameters, evaluation of model compared to baseline
    or latest production model including checks for drift, 
    approval or rejection of model, push of best model to serving and a batch
    inference option.  Each stage should have ability to
    persist and track artifacts.
  - for monitoring, provide the details and how to, espec
    with code where possible.  include triggers for retraining
    and alerts.
  - save the model withe signatures that are usable for efficient single and
     bulk inference.

metrics:
  - the model will be a Two-Tower bi-encoder and will
    use item sampling corrections for
    popularity bias following  the Yi et al. 2019 
    paper "Sampling-bias-corrected neural modeling
    for large corpus item recommendations".
    Such corrections can help increase the recommendation diversity
    and long tail recall of the movie distribution.
  - the model will be trained with a contrastive list-wise loss
    and the best model will be selected by ndcg_composite@20,
    the composite score calculates the metric for each o3 3 partitions of the
    movie frequency distribution into head, torso, and tail, respectively.
    (learning the tail in addition to the popular tail and torso helps
    to result in recommendations for nice users).
  - the model will be designed as a listwise discriminitive
    model for calculations needed to compare results in the
    increasingly more relevant recommendations and ranking from 
    projects:  retriever, ranker, and re-ranker.
    The metrics are NHR, NDCG@K, recall_tail@K, and 
    intra-list diversity.  the NDCG metrics are paritioned into head, torso and tail and combined
    into a composite metric used for HPO to find best model, and early-stopping of training.

---------------------------------------

code should be efficient and easy to maintain and modify with knowledge of
TFX and some knowledge of Apache-Beam.

the install process should carefully control library versions to avoid
conflict between libraries.

iterations over the model over time to adapt to data and concept drift.

---------------------------------------
This repository is part of several repositories used to
build an entire recommender system:
   - Retrieval : returns 1000 top K recommendations
   - Ranker : pares down 1000 to 100 top K recommendations
   - Re-Ranker: parse down 100 to 10 top K recommendations
(these numbers are open to adjustment)

This repository builds the bi-encoder used by Retrieval
by using a TFX MLOps pipeline.

The Retrieval is at
https://www.github.com/nking/nking/retrieval.git

The Ranker is at:
https://www.github.com/nking/nking/ranker.git

The Re-Ranker is at:
https://www.github.com/nking/nking/reranker.git

Different versions are in progress for different
technology implementations.

